README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <h1>☎️ Phone Calling Agents Course ☎️</h1>
  <h3>How to build an Agent Call Center using FastRTC, Superlinked, Twilio, Opik & RunPod</h3>
</div>

</br>

<p align="center">
    <img src="static/main_gh_image.png" alt="Architecture" width="600">
</p>


## Table of Contents

- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Course Overview](#course-overview)
- [Who is this course for?](#who-is-this-course-for)
- [Course Breakdown: Week by Week](#course-breakdown-week-by-week)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Lesson 0: Project Overview and Architecture](#lesson-0-project-overview-and-architecture)
- [Lesson 1: Building Realtime Voice Agents with FastRTC](#lesson-1-building-realtime-voice-agents-with-fastrtc)
- [The tech stack](#the-tech-stack)
- [Contributors](#contributors)
- [License](#license)


## Course Overview

This isn't your typical plug-and-play tutorial where you spin up a demo in five minutes and call it a day. 

Instead, we're building a **real estate company**, but with a twist … the employees will be **realtime voice agents**!

By the end of this course, you'll have a system capable of:

* ☎️ Receive inbound calls with Twilio
* 📞 Make outbound calls through Twilio
* 🏠 Search live property data using Superlinked
* ⚡ Run realtime conversations powered by FastRTC
* 🗣️ Transcribe speech instantly with Moonshine + Fast Whisper
* 🎙️ Generate lifelike voices using Kokoro + Orpheus 3B
* 🚀 Deploy open-source models on Runpod for GPU acceleration


Excited? Let's get started! 

---

<table style="border-collapse: collapse; border: none;">
  <tr style="border: none;">
    <td width="20%" style="border: none;">
      <a href="https://theneuralmaze.substack.com/" aria-label="The Neural Maze">
        <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/151655127?s=400&u=2fff53e8c195ac155e5c8ee65c6ba683a72e655f&v=4" alt="The Neural Maze Logo" width="150"/>
      </a>
    </td>
    <td width="80%" style="border: none;">
      <div>
        <h2>📬 Stay Updated</h2>
        <p><b><a href="https://theneuralmaze.substack.com/">Join The Neural Maze</a></b> and learn to build AI Systems that actually work, from principles to production. Every Wednesday, directly to your inbox. Don't miss out!</p>
      </div>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://theneuralmaze.substack.com/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label&logo=substack&message=Subscribe%20Now&style=for-the-badge&color=black&scale=2" alt="Subscribe Now" height="40">
  </a>
</p>

<table style="border-collapse: collapse; border: none;">
  <tr style="border: none;">
    <td width="20%" style="border: none;">
      <a href="https://www.youtube.com/@jesuscopado-en" aria-label="Jesus Copado YouTube Channel">
        <img src="static/jesus_youtube_channel.png" alt="Jesus Copado YouTube Channel" width="150"/>
      </a>
    </td>
    <td width="80%" style="border: none;">
      <div>
        <h2>🎥 Watch More Content</h2>
        <p><b><a href="https://www.youtube.com/@jesuscopado-en">Join Jesús Copado on YouTube</a></b> to explore how to build real AI projects—from voice agents to creative tools. Weekly videos with code, demos, and ideas that push what's possible with AI. Don't miss the next drop!</p>
      </div>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.youtube.com/@jesuscopado-en">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label&logo=youtube&message=Subscribe%20Now&style=for-the-badge&color=FF0000&scale=2" alt="Subscribe Now" height="40">
  </a>
</p>

---

## Who is this course for?

This course is for Software Engineers, ML Engineers, and AI Engineers who want to level up by building complex end-to-end apps. It's not just a basic "Hello World" tutorial—it's a deep dive into making **production-ready voice agents**.


## Course Breakdown: Week by Week

Each week, you'll unlock **a new chapter of the journey**. You'll get:

* 🧾 A Substack article that walks through the concepts and code in detail
* 💻 A new batch of code pushed directly to this repo
* 🎥 A Live Session where we explore everything together

Here’s what the upcoming weeks look like 👇


| Lesson Number | Title | Article | Code | Live Session |
|:-------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:------------:|:-----------:|
| <div align="center">0</div> | <a href="https://theneuralmaze.substack.com/p/the-architecture-of-realtime-phone">Project overview and architecture</a> | <a href="https://theneuralmaze.substack.com/p/the-architecture-of-realtime-phone"><img src="static/diagrams/diagram_lesson_0.png" alt="Diagram 0" width="300"></a> | <a href="https://github.com/neural-maze/realtime-phone-agents-course/tree/week0">Week 0</a> | <a href="https://theneuralmaze.substack.com/p/the-architecture-of-phone-calling"><img src="static/thumbnails/live_session_0.png" alt="Thumbnail 0" width="400"></a> |
| <div align="center">1</div> | <a href="https://theneuralmaze.substack.com/p/building-realtime-voice-agents-with">Building Realtime Voice Agents with FastRTC</a> | <a href="https://theneuralmaze.substack.com/p/building-realtime-voice-agents-with"><img src="static/diagrams/diagram_lesson_1.png" alt="Diagram 1" width="300"></a> | <a href="https://github.com/neural-maze/realtime-phone-agents-course/tree/week1">Week 1</a> | November 23 |
| <div align="center">2</div> | Superlinked for Realtime Property Search | November 26 | November 26 | November 30 |
| <div align="center">3</div> | Improving STT and TTS Systems | December 3 | December 3 | December 7 |
| <div align="center">4</div> | Deployment, monitoring and Twilio Integration | December 10 | December 10 | December 14

---

## Getting Started

Before diving into the lessons, make sure you have everything set up properly:

1. 📋 **Initial Setup**: Follow the instructions in [`docs/GETTINGS_STARTED.md`](docs/GETTINGS_STARTED.md) to configure your environment and install dependencies.
2. 📚 **Learn Lesson by Lesson**: Once setup is complete, come back here and follow the lessons in order.

Each lesson builds on the previous one, so it's important to follow them sequentially!

---

## Lesson 0: Project Overview and Architecture

**Goal**: Understand the big picture and architecture of the realtime phone agent system.

### Steps:

1. 📖 Read the [Substack article](https://theneuralmaze.substack.com/p/the-architecture-of-realtime-phone) to understand the overall architecture
2. 🎥 Watch the [Live Session recording](https://theneuralmaze.substack.com/p/the-architecture-of-phone-calling) for a deeper dive

This lesson sets the foundation for everything that follows!

---

## Lesson 1: Building Realtime Voice Agents with FastRTC

**Goal**: Build your first working voice agent using FastRTC and integrate it with Twilio.

### Steps:

1. 📖 **Read the Article**: Start with the [Substack article](https://theneuralmaze.substack.com/p/building-realtime-voice-agents-with) to understand FastRTC fundamentals
2. 📓 **Work Through the Notebook**: Open and run through [`notebooks/lesson_1_fastrtc_agents.ipynb`](notebooks/lesson_1_fastrtc_agents.ipynb) to get hands-on experience
3. 💻 **Explore the Code**: Dive into the repository code to see how everything is implemented
4. 🚀 **Run the Applications**: Try both deployment options:

#### Option A: Gradio Application (Quick Demo)

Run the Gradio interface (check out demo videos in the [Substack article](https://theneuralmaze.substack.com/p/building-realtime-voice-agents-with)):

```bash
make start-gradio-application
```

This starts an interactive web interface where you can test the voice agent locally.

#### Option B: FastAPI Call Center (Production-Ready)

For a production-ready setup that can receive real phone calls:

**Step 1**: Start the call center application

```bash
make start-call-center
```

This starts a FastAPI application using Docker Compose on port 8000.

**Step 2**: Expose your local server to the internet

```bash
make start-ngrok-tunnel
```

Or manually:

```bash
ngrok http 8000
```

**Step 3**: Connect to Twilio

Follow the instructions in the [article](https://theneuralmaze.substack.com/p/building-realtime-voice-agents-with) to:
- Configure your Twilio account
- Connect your ngrok URL to Twilio
- Start receiving real phone calls!

🎥 **Join the Live Session**: [Join Premium](https://theneuralmaze.substack.com/subscribe), and you'll receive a notification when we are live on **Sunday, November 23rd at 5PM CET** for a complete walkthrough and Q&A!

---

## The tech stack

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Technology</th>
    <th>Description</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><img src="static/fastrtc_logo.png" width="100" alt="FastRTC Logo"/></td>
    <td>The python library for real-time communication.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><img src="static/superlinked_logo.png" width="100" alt="Superlinked Logo"/></td>
    <td>SSuperlinked is a Python framework for AI Engineers building high-performance search & recommendation applications that combine structured and unstructured data.

</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><img src="static/runpod_logo.png" width="100" alt="Runpod Logo"/></td>
    <td>The end-to-end AI cloud that simplifies building and deploying models.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><img src="static/opik_logo.svg" width="100" alt="Opik Logo"/></td>
    <td>Debug, evaluate, and monitor your LLM applications, RAG systems, and agentic workflows with comprehensive tracing, automated evaluations, and production-ready dashboards.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><img src="static/twilio_logo.png" width="100" alt="Twilio Logo"/></td>
    <td>Twilio is a cloud communications platform that enables developers to build, manage, and automate voice, text, video, and other communication services through APIs.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


## Contributors

<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><img src="https://github.com/MichaelisTrofficus.png" width="100" style="border-radius:50%;"/></td>
    <td>
      <strong>Miguel Otero Pedrido | Senior ML / AI Engineer </strong><br />
      <i>Founder of The Neural Maze. Rick and Morty fan.</i><br /><br />
      <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/migueloteropedrido/">LinkedIn</a><br />
      <a href="https://www.youtube.com/@TheNeuralMaze">YouTube</a><br />
      <a href="https://theneuralmaze.substack.com/">The Neural Maze Newsletter</a>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><img src="https://github.com/jesuscopado.png" width="100" style="border-radius:50%;"/></td>
    <td>
      <strong>Jesús Copado | Senior ML / AI Engineer </strong><br />
      <i>Equal parts cinema fan and AI enthusiast.</i><br /><br />
      <a href="https://www.youtube.com/@jesuscopado-en">YouTube</a><br />
      <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/copadojesus/">LinkedIn</a><br />
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

docs: add note about ffmpeg if missing ffprobe

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <h1>☎️ Phone Calling Agents Course ☎️</h1>
  <h3>How to build an Agent Call Center using FastRTC, Superlinked, Twilio, Opik & RunPod</h3>
</div>

</br>

<p align="center">
    <img src="static/main_gh_image.png" alt="Architecture" width="600">
</p>


## Table of Contents

- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Course Overview](#course-overview)
- [Who is this course for?](#who-is-this-course-for)
- [Course Breakdown: Week by Week](#course-breakdown-week-by-week)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Lesson 0: Project Overview and Architecture](#lesson-0-project-overview-and-architecture)
- [Lesson 1: Building Realtime Voice Agents with FastRTC](#lesson-1-building-realtime-voice-agents-with-fastrtc)
- [The tech stack](#the-tech-stack)
- [Contributors](#contributors)
- [License](#license)


## Course Overview

This isn't your typical plug-and-play tutorial where you spin up a demo in five minutes and call it a day. 

Instead, we're building a **real estate company**, but with a twist … the employees will be **realtime voice agents**!

By the end of this course, you'll have a system capable of:

* ☎️ Receive inbound calls with Twilio
* 📞 Make outbound calls through Twilio
* 🏠 Search live property data using Superlinked
* ⚡ Run realtime conversations powered by FastRTC
* 🗣️ Transcribe speech instantly with Moonshine + Fast Whisper
* 🎙️ Generate lifelike voices using Kokoro + Orpheus 3B
* 🚀 Deploy open-source models on Runpod for GPU acceleration


Excited? Let's get started! 

---

<table style="border-collapse: collapse; border: none;">
  <tr style="border: none;">
    <td width="20%" style="border: none;">
      <a href="https://theneuralmaze.substack.com/" aria-label="The Neural Maze">
        <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/151655127?s=400&u=2fff53e8c195ac155e5c8ee65c6ba683a72e655f&v=4" alt="The Neural Maze Logo" width="150"/>
      </a>
    </td>
    <td width="80%" style="border: none;">
      <div>
        <h2>📬 Stay Updated</h2>
        <p><b><a href="https://theneuralmaze.substack.com/">Join The Neural Maze</a></b> and learn to build AI Systems that actually work, from principles to production. Every Wednesday, directly to your inbox. Don't miss out!</p>
      </div>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://theneuralmaze.substack.com/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label&logo=substack&message=Subscribe%20Now&style=for-the-badge&color=black&scale=2" alt="Subscribe Now" height="40">
  </a>
</p>

<table style="border-collapse: collapse; border: none;">
  <tr style="border: none;">
    <td width="20%" style="border: none;">
      <a href="https://www.youtube.com/@jesuscopado-en" aria-label="Jesus Copado YouTube Channel">
        <img src="static/jesus_youtube_channel.png" alt="Jesus Copado YouTube Channel" width="150"/>
      </a>
    </td>
    <td width="80%" style="border: none;">
      <div>
        <h2>🎥 Watch More Content</h2>
        <p><b><a href="https://www.youtube.com/@jesuscopado-en">Join Jesús Copado on YouTube</a></b> to explore how to build real AI projects—from voice agents to creative tools. Weekly videos with code, demos, and ideas that push what's possible with AI. Don't miss the next drop!</p>
      </div>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.youtube.com/@jesuscopado-en">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label&logo=youtube&message=Subscribe%20Now&style=for-the-badge&color=FF0000&scale=2" alt="Subscribe Now" height="40">
  </a>
</p>

---

## Who is this course for?

This course is for Software Engineers, ML Engineers, and AI Engineers who want to level up by building complex end-to-end apps. It's not just a basic "Hello World" tutorial—it's a deep dive into making **production-ready voice agents**.


## Course Breakdown: Week by Week

Each week, you'll unlock **a new chapter of the journey**. You'll get:

* 🧾 A Substack article that walks through the concepts and code in detail
* 💻 A new batch of code pushed directly to this repo
* 🎥 A Live Session where we explore everything together

Here’s what the upcoming weeks look like 👇


| Lesson Number | Title | Article | Code | Live Session |
|:-------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:------------:|:-----------:|
| <div align="center">0</div> | <a href="https://theneuralmaze.substack.com/p/the-architecture-of-realtime-phone">Project overview and architecture</a> | <a href="https://theneuralmaze.substack.com/p/the-architecture-of-realtime-phone"><img src="static/diagrams/diagram_lesson_0.png" alt="Diagram 0" width="300"></a> | <a href="https://github.com/neural-maze/realtime-phone-agents-course/tree/week0">Week 0</a> | <a href="https://theneuralmaze.substack.com/p/the-architecture-of-phone-calling"><img src="static/thumbnails/live_session_0.png" alt="Thumbnail 0" width="400"></a> |
| <div align="center">1</div> | <a href="https://theneuralmaze.substack.com/p/building-realtime-voice-agents-with">Building Realtime Voice Agents with FastRTC</a> | <a href="https://theneuralmaze.substack.com/p/building-realtime-voice-agents-with"><img src="static/diagrams/diagram_lesson_1.png" alt="Diagram 1" width="300"></a> | <a href="https://github.com/neural-maze/realtime-phone-agents-course/tree/week1">Week 1</a> | November 23 |
| <div align="center">2</div> | Superlinked for Realtime Property Search | November 26 | November 26 | November 30 |
| <div align="center">3</div> | Improving STT and TTS Systems | December 3 | December 3 | December 7 |
| <div align="center">4</div> | Deployment, monitoring and Twilio Integration | December 10 | December 10 | December 14

---

## Getting Started

Before diving into the lessons, make sure you have everything set up properly:

1. 📋 **Initial Setup**: Follow the instructions in [`docs/GETTINGS_STARTED.md`](docs/GETTINGS_STARTED.md) to configure your environment and install dependencies.
2. 📚 **Learn Lesson by Lesson**: Once setup is complete, come back here and follow the lessons in order.

Each lesson builds on the previous one, so it's important to follow them sequentially!

---

## Lesson 0: Project Overview and Architecture

**Goal**: Understand the big picture and architecture of the realtime phone agent system.

### Steps:

1. 📖 Read the [Substack article](https://theneuralmaze.substack.com/p/the-architecture-of-realtime-phone) to understand the overall architecture
2. 🎥 Watch the [Live Session recording](https://theneuralmaze.substack.com/p/the-architecture-of-phone-calling) for a deeper dive

This lesson sets the foundation for everything that follows!

---

## Lesson 1: Building Realtime Voice Agents with FastRTC

**Goal**: Build your first working voice agent using FastRTC and integrate it with Twilio.

### Steps:

1. 📖 **Read the Article**: Start with the [Substack article](https://theneuralmaze.substack.com/p/building-realtime-voice-agents-with) to understand FastRTC fundamentals
2. 📓 **Work Through the Notebook**: Open and run through [`notebooks/lesson_1_fastrtc_agents.ipynb`](notebooks/lesson_1_fastrtc_agents.ipynb) to get hands-on experience
3. 💻 **Explore the Code**: Dive into the repository code to see how everything is implemented
4. 🚀 **Run the Applications**: Try both deployment options:

#### Option A: Gradio Application (Quick Demo)

Run the Gradio interface (check out demo videos in the [Substack article](https://theneuralmaze.substack.com/p/building-realtime-voice-agents-with)):

```bash
make start-gradio-application
```

This starts an interactive web interface where you can test the voice agent locally.

> **_NOTE:_**  If you get the error 'No such file or directory: 'ffprobe', just install _ffmpeg_ in your system to solve it

#### Option B: FastAPI Call Center (Production-Ready)

For a production-ready setup that can receive real phone calls:

**Step 1**: Start the call center application

```bash
make start-call-center
```

This starts a FastAPI application using Docker Compose on port 8000.

**Step 2**: Expose your local server to the internet

```bash
make start-ngrok-tunnel
```

Or manually:

```bash
ngrok http 8000
```

**Step 3**: Connect to Twilio

Follow the instructions in the [article](https://theneuralmaze.substack.com/p/building-realtime-voice-agents-with) to:
- Configure your Twilio account
- Connect your ngrok URL to Twilio
- Start receiving real phone calls!

🎥 **Join the Live Session**: [Join Premium](https://theneuralmaze.substack.com/subscribe), and you'll receive a notification when we are live on **Sunday, November 23rd at 5PM CET** for a complete walkthrough and Q&A!

---

## The tech stack

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Technology</th>
    <th>Description</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><img src="static/fastrtc_logo.png" width="100" alt="FastRTC Logo"/></td>
    <td>The python library for real-time communication.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><img src="static/superlinked_logo.png" width="100" alt="Superlinked Logo"/></td>
    <td>SSuperlinked is a Python framework for AI Engineers building high-performance search & recommendation applications that combine structured and unstructured data.

</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><img src="static/runpod_logo.png" width="100" alt="Runpod Logo"/></td>
    <td>The end-to-end AI cloud that simplifies building and deploying models.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><img src="static/opik_logo.svg" width="100" alt="Opik Logo"/></td>
    <td>Debug, evaluate, and monitor your LLM applications, RAG systems, and agentic workflows with comprehensive tracing, automated evaluations, and production-ready dashboards.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><img src="static/twilio_logo.png" width="100" alt="Twilio Logo"/></td>
    <td>Twilio is a cloud communications platform that enables developers to build, manage, and automate voice, text, video, and other communication services through APIs.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


## Contributors

<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><img src="https://github.com/MichaelisTrofficus.png" width="100" style="border-radius:50%;"/></td>
    <td>
      <strong>Miguel Otero Pedrido | Senior ML / AI Engineer </strong><br />
      <i>Founder of The Neural Maze. Rick and Morty fan.</i><br /><br />
      <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/migueloteropedrido/">LinkedIn</a><br />
      <a href="https://www.youtube.com/@TheNeuralMaze">YouTube</a><br />
      <a href="https://theneuralmaze.substack.com/">The Neural Maze Newsletter</a>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><img src="https://github.com/jesuscopado.png" width="100" style="border-radius:50%;"/></td>
    <td>
      <strong>Jesús Copado | Senior ML / AI Engineer </strong><br />
      <i>Equal parts cinema fan and AI enthusiast.</i><br /><br />
      <a href="https://www.youtube.com/@jesuscopado-en">YouTube</a><br />
      <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/copadojesus/">LinkedIn</a><br />
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
